Hey there friend!
You need a daily reminder!
You only live once!
Have a great day!
It's a great day!
It's a fantastic day to be alive!
You are important.
You matter.
Every moment is precious.
Being alive is a miracle!
Life is a dream!
It's a wonderful day to be alive!
You look really good today.
Speak little, do much.
Everyday is a winding road.
Be here now.
It's a new day!
Text a friend to just say hello!
You can do this!
Your voice makes a difference.
Be sure to eat a healthy meal today!
Stop. Breathe.
Rest. Reflect.
Take care of yourself.
Text a friend who you haven't heard from for awhile!
With the dawning of a new day comes a clean slate and lots of opportunity.
You are worthy.
You have the power to change the world.
Treat yourself to something good!
Teach out when you need help.
Make sure you rest up regularly.
Make sure you recharge often.
Remember to appreciate nature!
Take breaks when you need them.
Wake up! You are loved!
Please try not to take yourself for granted. You are important.
Put on a song you love.
Sing to a friend!
You're making progress!
All change starts small.
Feel overwhelmed? Maybe you can make a game plan for the day!
Make a list of your priorities.
Guess what? You're super cool!
You rock!
Sometimes you have a bad day, but that's okay!
Are ready to have a great day today?
Are ready to have a fantastic day today?
Are ready to have a wonderful day today?
Are ready to have a joyous day today?
Say something nice to yourself!
Each one of us possesses more strength than we realize.
Let your life proceed by it's own design. 
Dream big!
You are in store for great things.
It can be a mad mad world sometimes.
Treat youself.
Let others know you appreciate them!
Our lives are dreams!
Count your blessings.
Be a lighthouse.
Create the sequence of goodness, consequences will always be good.
The essence of life is to communicate love.
Persistence is key.
Attitude is everything.
Be sure to drink plenty of water.
Be kind to yourself!
At ease
Turn on your lovelight
Don't sweat the small stuff!
Keep on keepin' on
People matter!
Halt any thought, behavior, or emotion that is unloving towards yourself
Take a deep breath. Hold it. Let it out slow!
Do or do not, there is no try.
Rest and digest
Go admire some trees
The relationship you have with yourself, sets the tone for every other relationship you have.
You who choose to lead must follow, but if you fall, you fall alone.
Whatever you do, take care of your shoes.
Fake it till you make it.
You got one life, blaze on!
The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance.
The wheel in the sky keeps on turning.
Doing the right thing is not always easy, but it's right.
We cannot be more sensitive to pleasure without being more sensitive to pain. 
You are connected with everything
You are the universe experiencing itself!
No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
The attitude of faith is to let go, and become open to truth.
You are beautiful inside and out!
Rest and digest.
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning to dance in the rain.
One day? Or day one.
A noble spirit embiggens the smallest man
Breathe, stretch, shake, let it go.
Impossible is nothing
When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all
Believe and achieve!
Take 'er easy!
Turn off your mind, relax and float down stream.
Listen to the colour of your dreams.
Love is like a flower, give it time and it will grow.
Don't carry the world upon your shoulders
All you need is love
And in the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make
Life goes on within you and without you...
Love is old, Love is new, Love is all, Love is you...
Take a sad song and make it better...
You can!
Right here, right now
This is temporary:
It'll be alright
Live the dream.
Do good.
Be well, do good work, and keep in touch.
Tense? Let your shoulders drop, loosen your jaw, unclench your hands, and take a deep breath.
Don't be afraid to offer hugs. Someone probably needs them.
Let's give it all we've got today! We can do it together!
Never give up, never surrender
What you focus on grows
Remember to have fun (kiddo)
Bring a few companions on this ride
Wake up! See that you are the eyes of the world!
People can you feel it? Love is everywhere!
Through this world of trouble we gotta love one another...
You are infinite, eternal, and whole
Cheerfully put to good use what you have!
Life is good, do what you want, like what you do!
If it’s endurable, then endure it.
Remember: time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves
No legacy is so rich as honesty.
Listen to many, speak to a few.
There is no darkness but ignorance.
Brevity is the soul of wit.
Be bold, be bold, but not too bold!
With mirth and laughter let old wrinkles come.
Always look on the bright side of life
Keep on the sunny side, always on the sunny side, keep on the sunny side of life.
Try to get regular exercise if you can
Eat well, avoid microwave dinners and saturated fats
Take a few deep breaths
You have not to find out the reality, you are the reality!
Remember to have fun
Say aloud "I am good. I am enough. I am good enough."
If you are stuck on the couch or in bed: stand up, walk outside, take 10 deep breaths and walk back in.
Say something positive about yourself or your situation aloud.
It's chaos. Be kind.
Life comes at you fast
Take care of your temple.
We'll figure it out
Water your potted plants.  Don't own potted plants? - Why not get some!
Life's a garden. Dig it.
Fear is the path to the dark side.
Compassion will make you beautiful
Gratitude is the sign of a noble soul
When given the choice between being right and being kind, choose kind
A thankful heart is not only the greatest virtue, but the parent of all other virtues.
Stay Hungry. Stay Foolish.